# JoN_DES_Model
DISCRETE EVENT SIMULATION MODEL OF AN ACUTE STROKE TREATMENT PROCESS AT A COMPREHENSIVE STROKE CENTRE: DETERMINING THE IDEAL IMPROVEMENT STRATEGIES FOR REDUCING TREATMENT TIMES

Two primary classes are designed: “PatientCreate” and “Activities”. The Activities class is inherited from the PatientCreate class, a parent class.
The PatientCreate class covers general properties (attributes) and primary assignments for these properties. General properties are arrival time, arrival method, type of neurologists, transfer method, transfer distance and result, and these properties can be utilized in both parent and child classes. The PatientCreate class consists of one method called create. This method completes primary assignments of general properties, calling Activities class, and writing results to Excel file. The Activities class utilizes general properties from the parent class and specific properties related to different parts of the process. This class involves activities related to transfer patients (both shorter-time and longer-time transfers) and field patients for all possible treatment decision outcomes, including no treatment, thrombolysis treatment, EVT treatment, and both treatments. The method of Activities class is totaltimecalculate and executes the simulation model and completes the treatment process for each patient. Each simulated patient enters the system and receives different property assignments. Based on assigned properties, values from different time distributions are calculated in the model, and the patient leaves the system without re-entering.
